- AT THIS TIME OF YEAR, I AM
ESPECIALLY GRATEFUL FOR THE
BRAVE MEN AND WOMEN WHO SERVE
EVERY DAY IN OUR ARMED FORCES.
- I AM ALSO--YES.
[cheers and applause]
I AM ALSO EQUALLY INSPIRED BY
THE STRENGTH OF THEIR FAMILIES.
BEFORE WE GO, THERE'S A MILITARY
WIFE IN THE AUDIENCE
WHO I WOULD LIKE TO MEET.
HER NAME IS CARRIE CURTIS.
WHERE ARE YOU, CARRIE CURTIS?
- [squeals]
[cheers and applause]
[indistinct, excited talking]
--OH GOD, I LOVE YOU!
- HAVE A SEAT!
HI CARRIE!
YOUR HUSBAND IS IN WHAT--
WHAT DOES HE DO?
- HE'S IN THE ARMY.
HE'S SPECIAL FORCES.
- RIGHT.
- SO THEY'RE THE GUYS THAT
WEAR THE GREEN BERETS, AND--
- RIGHT.
[cheers and applause]
- YES, UM...
A LOT OF WHAT HE DOES IS REALLY
SECRET, SO..
- LIKE YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE HE
IS OR WHAT HE'S DOING RIGHT NOW.
- RIGHT NOW,
I DON'T KNOW WHERE HE IS.
WE CALL IT "THE WOODS,"
AFFECTIONATELY.
SO, THAT JUST MEANS HE'S OFF
THE GRID SOMEWHERE.
- RIGHT.
- HE'S BEEN IN FOR ABOUT
10 YEARS,
AND UH--WELL, CLOSE TO 10 YEARS,
AND GONE ON A LOT OF
DEPLOYMENTS, AND
RIGHT NOW HE'S TRAINING GUYS TO
BECOME SPECIAL FORCES SOLDIERS.
- WOW, AMAZING.
- WE'RE PROUD OF HIM.
AND YOU'RE APART A LOT,
AND YOU HAVE--WHAT--
YOU HAVE KIDS.
- I DO.
- YEAH.
- I HAVE TWO BOYS--OH!
THAT'S THEM!
- UH HUH.
- OH MY GOSH!
I DO, THEY'RE MASON AND JACKSON.
THEY'RE TWO AND FIVE.
OH! SORRY.
- AND YOU STAY HOME
AND TAKE CARE OF THEM.
- I AM, I'M A STAY-AT-HOME MOM.
- WHAT DID YOU DO BEFORE THIS?
- I WAS A KINDERGARTEN TEACHER,
AND AFTER WE HAD THE LITTLE ONE,
JACKSON,
MY TEACHING SALARY JUST COULDN'T
COVER DAY CARE FOR BOTH.
- RIGHT.
- SO, I STAYED HOME WITH THEM.
- YOU STAY AT HOME AND TAKE CARE
OF THEM.
- YEAH, RUN AFTER THEM,
ALL DAY LONG.
- RIGHT.
- AND...YEAH, IT'S GREAT.
- YEAH, IT'S A LOT OF JOY,
I'M SURE.
- IT IS.
- AND SO--BUT YOUR HUSBAND
WILL BE HOME FOR CHRISTMAS
THIS YEAR, RIGHT?
- YEAH, HE'LL BE HOME IN ABOUT
10 DAYS.
- OKAY, GOOD.
- SO, WE'RE EXCITED FOR THAT.
WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO KNOWING
THAT HE'S GOING TO BE HOME.
SO MUCH OF HIS JOB IS...
UNPREDICTABLE, SO WE KNOW
HE'S GONNA BE HERE THIS YEAR.
- THAT'S FANTASTIC.
- WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
- AND ESPECIALLY THE BOYS WILL
BE HAPPY TO HAVE HIM HOME.
- YEAH! THEY'RE EXCITED.
- AND HAVE YOU DONE SHOPPING
FOR HIM AND THE KIDS YET?
- WELL, WE'RE NOT DOING PRESENTS
FOR EACH OTHER, BECAUSE,
JUST ON HIS INCOME ALONE, WE
WOULD RATHER SPEND ON THE KIDS.
- YEAH.
- WE HAVE DONE A VERY
LITTLE BIT.
I MEAN, IT'S HARD--
- YEAH.
- AND MY OLDER SON IS IN SCHOOL
NOW, AND HE'S ASKING FOR
ALL THE BIG STUFF.
- RIGHT.
- BUT I CAN'T--WE CAN'T DO THAT,
SO, HE'LL HAVE SOME PRESENTS
UNDER THE TREE.
- OKAY, WELL, GOOD.
- MAYBE NOT THE ONES THEY WANT.
- RIGHT.
WELL, MAYBE AND MAYBE NOT.
BUT FOR YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND,
I FEEL LIKE YOU ALL SHOULD HAVE
SOMETHING, SO
WE'RE GOING TO GIVE YOU A $2,000
NORDSTROM GIFT CARD
SO THAT YOU CAN GET SOME THINGS,
[cheers and applause]
FOR YOUR HUSBAND.
AND HE CAN GET SOMETHING
FOR YOU.
AND...ALSO...
WE WANT THE KIDS TO HAVE
WHATEVER YOU WANT TO GIVE
THE KIDS, IT'S YOUR CHOICE.
BUT YOU HAVE $3,000 FOR TARGET.
[cheers and applause]
SO THEY'LL HAVE A GOOD CHRISTMAS
TOO, OKAY?
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
- THANK YOU.
AND THANK YOUR HUSBAND FOR US
FOR WHAT HE DOES.
- OH, MY GOSH,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.